Example:

	<FAQGroupLayout title="Learn about The Pledge">
		<Accordian>
			<AccordianItem title="What is The Pledge?"><p>Pledge Parental Leave, or PPL, is a movement started by digital product studio ustwo in NYC aimed at educating, helping, and empowering companies in the creative industry to offer what they consider to be minimum acceptable parental leave benefits & standards for new parents. The pledge itself states that, for a company to meet the requirements, they must offer a minimum of 3 months’ fully paid leave and 3 months’ uninterrupted medical benefit coverage to the primary caregiver, in addition to guaranteeing their position be held open for six months, should they opt for extra time off to spend with their child.</p></AccordianItem>
			<AccordianItem title="What's the end goal?"><p>Changing the future of parenting in the United States may be a lofty goal, but it’s certainly one we aspire to. In the next few months though, our goal is to inspire and help private-sector creative companies of all sizes in New York and beyond to reevaluate and change their parental leave policies to our minimum standards.</p></AccordianItem>
			<AccordianItem title="Why doesn’t the United States have government mandated parental leave?"><p>Simply stated, American politics have a very, very long history of being flawed when it comes to mandating any laws that might cost taxpayers and/or business owners money. The go-to argument that small businesses cannot afford to pay their employees for parental leave has prevented federally mandated paid leave benefits greatly, and that is just one of many political arguments used to fight against legislation. Pledge PL began as a way to achieve change without having to deal with messy and complicated politics. By appealing directly to businesses to take action and do the human thing, participating companies are choosing to provide paid leave for their employees, without waiting for laws to force them to provide it.</p></AccordianItem>
		</Accordian>
	</FAQGroupLayout>
